INDIA RANKINGS 2024
IN INDIA
Entitled
UNIVERSITIES
AMONGST TOP
RANKED #20         UGC 
(BA JMC)
Journalism & Mass Communication
 
Bachelor Of Arts -
with 
In Journalism
Your Career
Kickstart
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
first cycle itself, the University establishes itself as one of the premier destinations for higher education.
Education, Government  of India, and A+ accreditation by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council in the 
among  the top 20 universities in the National Institutional Ranking  Framework  2024 released by the Ministry of 
prestigious QS World University Rankings 2025 places it globally at a rank of 691-700. Additionally, with the positioning 
The QS Asia University Rankings 2025 ranks Chandigarh  University as the No. 1 private university in India, while the 
University has made remarkable achievements,  winning the most prestigious awards, rankings, and accreditations. 
excellence. In more than a decade-long  journey of driving transformation in the educational  landscape, the 
Chandigarh  University, a leading Indian institution, offers a unique amalgamation  of professional and  academic 
ABOUT  CHANDIG ARH UNIVER SITY
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
year 2021
Council CID for the
International Dance
Member of
ENGINEERING AND MBA PROGRAMS
NBA ACCREDITED
Pharmacy #20,  Architecture #13)
(Engg. #32, Mgmt. #36, 
Management #9, Computer Science & Information Systems #10, Engineering & Technology #11, Engineering - Mechanical, Aeronautical & Manufacturing #14, Business & Management Studies #18
Hospitality & Leisure Management #1, Social Sciences & 
20
by QS World University Rankings 2025
2025
691-700
MEMBER SHIPS
GLOBAL   RANK
INTERNATIONAL  
& MEMBER SHIPS
OUR EX CELLENCE
ACCREDIT ATIONS 
RECOGNITIONS, 
TOP  RANKINGS  TESTIFYING 
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
exam-related stress.               from professionals.                     compared to traditional on-campus programs.
providing flexibility and helping reduc e       gaining insights and practical knowledge directly        accommodation, and of ten lower tuition fees 
Take assessments when y ou're ready,        Learn from industry experts and guest speakers,        Enjoy reduc ed costs related to commuting, 
Exams on Demand      Expert-Led Sessions       Cost-Effective Education
enriching your learning experience.         complex topics.
professional and geographical backgrounds,     that make it easier to understand and engage with       consistent support throughout your learning journey.
Connect with fellow learners from various      Benefit from interactive platforms and digital tools       Review materials, lectures, and assignments anytime, ensuring 
Diverse Peer Network   Advanced Learning Tools     Continuous Access to Resources
other commitments.
education with work, family, or          geographical barriers to education.              and less on familiar ones.
schedule, allowing you to balance          with an internet connection, breaking             you to spend more time on challenging topics 
Study at your own pac e and            Access learning materials from anywher e            Choose the pac e of your learning, allowing 
Flexible Learning     Accessible Anywhere      Self-Directed Progress
with ease and efficiency.  
balancing a career, family, or simply seeking a more convenient way to study, online learning provides a pathway to achieve your aspirations 
Online education has transformed the way we learn, offering flexibility, accessibility, and opportunities for growth. Whether you’re 
ONLINE EDUC ATION: THE FUTURE OF  LEARNING
TOP  REASONS TO CHOOSE 
----------------Page (3) Break----------------
(University Grants Commission)
Regulation 22 of UGC, 2020  
conventional mode as per the 
degree offered through 
online mode is equivalent to the 
The degree obtained through 
EQUIV ALENCE
ONLINE DEGREE 
PUBLIC NOTICE
UNIVER SITY GRANTS COMMISSION
----------------Page (4) Break----------------
 160+ 160+     15+15+SessionsSessions
& I& Industrial ndustrial TTalksalks
TTrraining aining Assistant Assistant   CCase Sase Studies tudies 
200+200+      25+25+
MMinimum Crinimum Credits edits   LivLive Sessions e Sessions 
120120     50+50+
3 years (6 semesters)
3 years (6 semesters)
DurDurationation
recognised Board / University / Council.
recognized Board/ University/Council 
10+2 or its equivalent examination in any stream conducted by a
Bachelor's Degree in any stream or its equivalent from a 
₹ 1,66,668₹ 1,25,000 $2000
Total Program Fees
EligibilityEligibility                                     Fees
₹55,556  ₹41,667   NIL
Annual 
Fees
₹27,778  20,834    NIL
Semester 
their interests.
Fees
media, and public relations, allowing learners to customise their path based on               ₹ 1000   ₹ 1000    NIL
Prospectus 
media writing, public relations, etc.   
television and radio production and writing, convergence journalism, social 
EBD    EBD (25%) Students
FEES
rphotogrange of aphtoy, pics, television including and radio print prjournalism, oduction, conadvverertising, gence journalism, photographsocial y, 
Without  With    International
succeed in this intensely competitive industry. The program covers a wide 
theories, histories, and  models, including print journalism, advertising, 
ask more informed questions, and generate the skills that are required to    Fee Structure
$
discipline of media studies. The program offers insight into mass communication 
intellectual grounding in their concentration that enables them to be curious, 
The With M.A. a BA (Journalism in Journalism &  Mass &  Mass Communication) Communications, progrlearneram cos vderes velothe p bran oad 
Bachelor of Journalism & Mass CommunicationBachelor of Journalism & Mass Communication
----------------Page (5) Break----------------
*WES : World Education Services
On-Demand Examination                                       University E-Knowledge Resource Centre
Exclusive Scholarships Available
Well Experienced & Globally Renowned Faculty
Placement Assistance with 300+ Hiring Partners                 Dedicated 24*7 Learner Support
Internationally Recognised by WES*                               Advanced CU Learning Management System (LMS)
UGC-Entitled Online Programs                                   Interactive Sessions with Industry Experts
advance  your career and achieve your goals.
programs with cutting-edge resources, expert faculty, and a globally recognised curriculum that empower  you to 
accessible, and  high-quality learning experiences. Designed for ambitious  learners, CU Online offers a range  of 
CU Online brings Chandigarh  University’s world-renowned  education  to the digital space, providing  flexible, 
CU Online: A World of Opportunities
----------------Page (6) Break----------------
environment, so you can focus solely on performing your best.
Our AI-monitored online exams ensure a secure, fair, and convenient testing 
control over when to take your assessments. 
Create a customised exam schedule that aligns with your availability, giving you 
Flexible Examination Options
and optimise your study time effectively.
Identify strengths and areas for improvement, allowing you to focus your efforts 
Track your progress through learning materials with built-in self-assessment tools.
Self-Assessment Tools
 Enjoy the flexibility of learning whenever it fits your schedule.
your own pace.
Access a curated library of video content, helping you master concepts at 
Comprehensive Video Library
Enjoy seamless, real-time interactions between students and faculty.
the classroom experience through interactive discussions.
Engage in dynamic live workshops held on weekends, designed to enhance 
Interactive Live Sessions
Learning Management Sy stem (LMS)
Personalised Learning with Advanced
----------------Page (7) Break----------------
Low Interest Rates       Flexible Repayment Options
Online Application Process
Wide N etwork of Partner Banks
Easy and Hassle-free
Loan Covering All Expenses   Support Throughout Your Journey
Benefits of No Cost EMI Plan
ROI-Module
6 EMI       12 EMI / 24 EMI
Semester Fee      Annual Fee      Lump Sum Fee
Degree Program
Finance Your Online
----------------Page (8) Break----------------
Event ManagementDigital Media Writing & Content LabDevelopment Communication
Fundamentals of    Advertising Projects              Investigative Journalism Photography & Videography ProjectSocial Media Content & MarketingMedia Research                  Industrial Training or Field Project
Projects                     Management
Fundamentals of Public Relations +        Creative Advertising &  Reputation                Mini Project
Semester 4               Semester 5               Semester 6 
Media Project
Practical Media Project
Communication SkillsCurrent  AffairsPrint Media Reporting & EditingComputer Application Theory + 
Digital Media Introduction to Film Studies + Projects Media Laws and EthicsMass Media Industry &  Management                Storytelling + ProjectTelevision Journalism & Programming Radio Programming + ProjectMedia and Society
Communication
Introduction to Mass                  Specialised Reporting + Project         Media Literacy & Critical Thinking
Semester 1               Semester 2               Semester 3 
Program Structure
Bachelor of Journalism & Mass Communication
----------------Page (9) Break----------------
Content Strategist                Columnist
Copywriter                   Press Secretary
Editor                     Freelance Journalist 
Feature Writer                 Technical Writer 
Foreign Correspondent              Content Marketing Specialist 
Investigative Journalist              Digital Editor 
Sr. Multimedia Journalist            Media Produc er
Photojournalist                 Media Analyst 
Broadcast Journalist               Public Relations Specialist 
News Reporter                 Social Media Manager 
BA JMC Gr aduates
Diverse Career Opportunities for
----------------Page (10) Break----------------
Live doubt clearing sessions through LMS
matter experts 
Week ly live interactive sessions by subject 
Week ly case study discussions on LMS
E-books/OER material/CU digital library access
Hours as per course credit
Qualitative video repository of course content: 
Modules to be released on weekly basis
Week ly modules as per course credit
Mode: Quadrant delivery through LMS 
DELIVER Y PLAN
ACADEMIC 
----------------Page (11) Break----------------
submission.
Candidates must carefully read all instructions provided in the application form to ensure successful 
Applicants are encouraged to review these details before applying.
Detailed information about programs and their eligibility criteria is available on our website, onlinecu.in.
on the University’s official website, onlinecu.in.
The University reserves the right to alter any announced dates. Any changes will be promptly updat ed
any resulting loss or damage due to non-complianc e.
online within the specified time frame. The University is not responsible for any loss of opportunity or
Admission will be cancelled if the full fees are not paid or the required documents are not submitted
All admissions are provisional and subject to fulfilment of necessary requirements.
ADMISSION GUIDELINES
----------------Page (12) Break----------------
For any query, email at admissions@cuidol.in or call at 1800-1213-88800
details and pay the Program Fee.
then upload all necessary documents andrecent passport size photograph and click on Submit.
Fill up the Application Form with your 
Click on the Document Upload and
Step 3                                Step 4
proceed to purchase the online prospectus for a fee of ₹1000.
interest, and Date of Birth. After submitting the form by clicking Register Now, 
and click on Apply Now / Enquire Now
details, including your Full Name, Email ID, Mobile Number , City, Program of 
Visit www .onlinecu.in 
On the homepage,  complete the inquiry form by providing the required 
Step 1                                Step 2
ADMISSION PROCES S
----------------Page (13) Break----------------
*ABC ID: Academic Bank of Credits ID    |     *DEB ID: Distance Education Bureau ID
2. Fill in your CUOL ID and Password3. Click on 5th step4. Submit details mentioned for the DEB ID verification
1. Login to https://apply.onlinecu.in/
Share the DEB ID details
Step: 3
Your ABC ID will be generated...
Your DEB ID will be generated
    store or Apple store2. Login to your DigiLocker account using aadhaar    card  number3. Click on search documents4. Search for 'Academic Bank of Credits’5. Fill all the necessary details            2. Enter your ABC ID and click on submit3. Fill all the necessary details and click on submit
1.  Download the DigiLocker app from Google Play
1. Go to: https://deb.ugc.ac.in/StudentDEBId 
To Create ABC ID*          To Create DEB ID*
Step: 1                       Step: 2
How to create ABC ID and DEB ID
----------------Page (14) Break----------------
admissions@cuidol.in
related clarification/details, write an email to 
will be updated. In case of any fee deposit 
Status of Student Fee paid through Online Mode 
UPI/Wallet
Net BankingRTGS/NEFT
Credit/Debit Card (ATM)
the following options:
The payment gateway supports 
Account Number along with access to thepayment gateway.
the applicant will receive a University
Once the application form is activated,
Students must register at apply.onlinecu.in.
Payment
Modes of Fee 
ONLINE
----------------Page (15) Break----------------
Email: admissions@cuidol.in | helpdesk@cuidol.in
For Admission enquiry: 1800-1213-88800
Apply Now: www.apply.onlinecu.in
----------------Page (16) Break----------------
