INDIA RANKINGS 2024
IN INDIA
Entitled
UNIVERSITIES
AMONGST TOP
RANKED #20         UGC 
BBA
With
Business World
Dynamics  of the
Understand the 
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
first cycle itself, the University establishes itself as one of the premier destinations for higher education.
Education, Government  of India, and A+ accreditation by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council in the 
among  the top 20 universities in the National Institutional Ranking  Framework  2024 released by the Ministry of 
prestigious QS World University Rankings 2025 places it globally at a rank of 691-700. Additionally, with the positioning 
The QS Asia University Rankings 2025 ranks Chandigarh  University as the No. 1 private university in India, while the 
University has made remarkable achievements,  winning the most prestigious awards, rankings, and accreditations. 
excellence. In more than a decade-long  journey of driving transformation in the educational  landscape, the 
Chandigarh  University, a leading Indian institution, offers a unique amalgamation  of professional and  academic 
ABOUT  CHANDIG ARH UNIVER SITY
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
year 2021
Council CID for the
International Dance
Member of
ENGINEERING AND MBA PROGRAMS
NBA ACCREDITED
Pharmacy #20,  Architecture #13)
(Engg. #32, Mgmt. #36, 
Management #9, Computer Science & Information Systems #10, Engineering & Technology #11, Engineering - Mechanical, Aeronautical & Manufacturing #14, Business & Management Studies #18
Hospitality & Leisure Management #1, Social Sciences & 
20
by QS World University Rankings 2025
2025
691-700
MEMBER SHIPS
GLOBAL   RANK
INTERNATIONAL  
& MEMBER SHIPS
OUR EX CELLENCE
ACCREDIT ATIONS 
RECOGNITIONS, 
TOP  RANKINGS  TESTIFYING 
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
exam-related stress.               from professionals.                     compared to traditional on-campus programs.
providing flexibility and helping reduc e       gaining insights and practical knowledge directly        accommodation, and of ten lower tuition fees 
Take assessments when y ou're ready,        Learn from industry experts and guest speakers,        Enjoy reduc ed costs related to commuting, 
Exams on Demand      Expert-Led Sessions       Cost-Effective Education
enriching your learning experience.         complex topics.
professional and geographical backgrounds,     that make it easier to understand and engage with       consistent support throughout your learning journey.
Connect with fellow learners from various      Benefit from interactive platforms and digital tools       Review materials, lectures, and assignments anytime, ensuring 
Diverse Peer Network   Advanced Learning Tools     Continuous Access to Resources
other commitments.
education with work, family, or          geographical barriers to education.              and less on familiar ones.
schedule, allowing you to balance          with an internet connection, breaking             you to spend more time on challenging topics 
Study at your own pac e and            Access learning materials from anywher e            Choose the pac e of your learning, allowing 
Flexible Learning     Accessible Anywhere      Self-Directed Progress
with ease and efficiency.  
balancing a career, family, or simply seeking a more convenient way to study, online learning provides a pathway to achieve your aspirations 
Online education has transformed the way we learn, offering flexibility, accessibility, and opportunities for growth. Whether you’re 
ONLINE EDUC ATION: THE FUTURE OF  LEARNING
TOP  REASONS TO CHOOSE 
----------------Page (3) Break----------------
(University Grants Commission)
Regulation 22 of UGC, 2020  
conventional mode as per the 
degree offered through 
online mode is equivalent to the 
The degree obtained through 
EQUIV ALENCE
ONLINE DEGREE 
PUBLIC NOTICE
UNIVER SITY GRANTS COMMISSION
----------------Page (4) Break----------------
visit our website www.onlinecu.in or contact our helpline number 1800-1213-88800
*To know more about the currently available scholarships, 
Assistant Session & Industrial Talks  Harvard Modules
Training     Case Studies    Value Added 
120+      30+      10
Minimum Credits   Live Sessions 
120     60+
3 years (6 semesters)
Duration
Board / University / Council
10+2 or its equivalent examination in any stream conducted by a recognised 
₹ 1,68,000₹ 1,26,000 $2,500
Total Program Fees
Eligibility
Fees
₹ 56,000 ₹ 42,000  NIL
Annual 
Harvard Business Publishing Education modules are included in this program. 
Fees
₹ 28,000 ₹ 21,000  NIL
with the dynamic industrial changes, business, and managerial expertise. Semester 
Towards the end, learners will gain the critical thinking ability to keep pace    Fees
₹ 1000   ₹ 1000    NIL
learners real and practical application of managerial concepts and practices.  Prospectus 
method of this program includes case studies and expert session which provide 
EBD    EBD (25%) Students
Fees
International business, Human   Resource Management,  etc. The  learning                  Without  With    International
in-depth knowledge   on  Entrepreneurship,  Marketing  Management, 
based, industry-relevant curriculum wh ich enhances the learners in obtaining 
BBA, a three-year online degree program, is designed according to a case-      Fee StructFee Structururee$$
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)
----------------Page (5) Break----------------
 After Completing Any of the Module
GET AN ASSURED CERTIFICATE
 10. Digital Intelligence
 9. Team Management
SAMPLE COPY
 8. Presentation Skills
 7. Ethics at Work
 6. Decision Making
 5. Diversity, Inclusion, & Belonging
 4. Performance Measurement
 3. Business Plan Development
 2. Strategy Planning & Execution
 1. Innovation & Creativity
by Harvard Business Publishing Education
Manage Mentor Modules Provided
----------------Page (6) Break----------------
*WES : World Education Services*WES : World Education Services
On-Demand Examination                                       University E-Knowledge Resource Centre
Exclusive Scholarships Available
Well Experienced & Globally Renowned Faculty
Placement Assistance with 300+ Hiring Partners                 Dedicated 24*7 Learner Support
Internationally Recognised by WES*                               Advanced CU Learning Management System (LMS)
UGC-Entitled Online Programs                                   Interactive Sessions with Industry Experts
advance  your career and achieve your goals.
programs with cutting-edge resources, expert faculty, and a globally recognised curriculum that empower  you to 
accessible, and  high-quality learning experiences. Designed for ambitious  learners, CU Online offers a range  of 
CU Online brings Chandigarh  University’s world-renowned  education  to the digital space, providing  flexible, 
CU Online: A World of Opportunities
----------------Page (7) Break----------------
environment, so you can focus solely on performing your best.
Our AI-monitored online exams ensure a secure, fair, and convenient testing 
control over when to take your assessments. 
Create a customised exam schedule that aligns with your availability, giving you 
Flexible Examination Options
and optimise your study time effectively.
Identify strengths and areas for improvement, allowing you to focus your efforts 
Track your progress through learning materials with built-in self-assessment tools.
Self-Assessment Tools
 Enjoy the flexibility of learning whenever it fits your schedule.
your own pace.
Access a curated library of video content, helping you master concepts at 
Comprehensive Video Library
Enjoy seamless, real-time interactions between students and faculty.
the classroom experience through interactive discussions.
Engage in dynamic live workshops held on weekends, designed to enhance 
Interactive Live Sessions
Learning Management Sy stem (LMS)
Personalised Learning with Advanced
----------------Page (8) Break----------------
Low Interest Rates       Flexible Repayment Options
Online Application Process
Wide N etwork of Partner Banks
Easy and Hassle-free
Loan Covering All Expenses   Support Throughout Your Journey
Benefits of No Cost EMI
ROI-Module
6 EMI       12 EMI / 24 EMI
Semester Fee      Annual Fee      Lump Sum Fee
Degree Program
Finance Your Online
----------------Page (9) Break----------------
Elective as per Specialisation
Elective as per Specialisation       Elective as per Specialisation
Elective as per Specialisation       Stress Management                   Elective as per Specialisation
Consumer Behaviour              Banking & Insurance                 Elective as per Specialisation
Commer cial & Company Law          Business Environment                 Dissertation 1/ Capstone project
Operations Research               Strategic Management                Industrial Relation and labour law
Semest er 4          Semest er 5            Semest er 6
Ethics & Life skills-1
Universal Human Values,
Communication Skills                                             Elective as per Specialisation
Financial Management
and Organizational Behaviour                                       Elective as per Specialisation
Management Principles             Professional Communication Skills
Ethics and Life Skills- II
Accounting for Managers           Business Mathematics and Statistics     Universal Human Values,
Mark eting Management              Human Resour ce Management           Research Methodology
Microecomomics                  Macr oeconomics                    Logistics and Supply Chain Management
Semest er 1          Semest er 2            Semest er 3
Program Structure
Bachelor of Business Administration
----------------Page (10) Break----------------
MarketingInternational BusinessFamily BusinessDigital MarketingFin-TechRetail and E-Commerce         Foreign Exchange ManagementTravel & Tourism ManagementEvent ManagementBanking and Finance
(HRM)                 Management
Human Resource Management       HealthCare ManagementLogistics and Supply Chain
Entrepreneurship            Artificial Intelligence
Specialisation
Program Electives
----------------Page (11) Break----------------
Entrepreneur                  Retail Manager
Investment Bank er               Relationship Manager
Finance Controller                Business Analyst
Investment Analyst               Loan Officer
Financial Planner               Human R esource Manager
Tax Consultant                 Nonprofit Manager
Accountant                   Sales Manager
Finance Manager                 Business Development M anager
Marketing Manager               Finance Consultant
Finance Analyst                 Stock Broker
Tax Auditor                   Market Research Analyst 
BBA Graduates  
Diverse Career Opportunities for
----------------Page (12) Break----------------
Live doubt clearing sessions through LMS
matter experts 
Week ly live interactive sessions by subject 
Week ly case study discussions on LMS
E-books/OER material/CU digital library access
Hours as per course credit
Qualitative video repository of course content: 
Modules to be released on weekly basis
Week ly modules as per course credit
Mode: Quadrant delivery through LMS 
DE LIVERY PLAN
ACADEMIC 
----------------Page (13) Break----------------
submission.
Candidates must carefully read all instructions provided in the application form to ensure successful 
Applicants are encouraged to review these details before applying.
Detailed information about programs and their eligibility criteria is available on our website, onlinecu.in.
on the University’s official website, onlinecu.in.
The University reserves the right to alter any announced dates. Any changes will be promptly updat ed
any resulting loss or damage due to non-complianc e.
online within the specified time frame. The University is not responsible for any loss of opportunity or
Admission will be cancelled if the full fees are not paid or the required documents are not submitted
All admissions are provisional and subject to fulfilment of necessary requirements.
ADMISSION GUIDELINES
----------------Page (14) Break----------------
For any query, email at admissions@cuidol.in or call at 1800-1213-88800
details and pay the Program Fee.
then upload all necessary documents andrecent passport size photograph and click on Submit.
Fill up the Application Form with your 
Click on the Document Upload and
Step 3                                Step 4
proceed to purchase the online prospectus for a fee of ₹1000.
and click on Apply Now / Enquire Now                    interest, and Date of Birth. After submitting the form by clicking Register Now, 
Visit www .onlinecu.in                              details, including your Full Name, Email ID, Mobile Number , City, Program of 
On the homepage,  complete the inquiry form by providing the required 
Step 1                                Step 2
ADMISSION PROCES S
----------------Page (15) Break----------------
*ABC ID: Academic Bank of Credits ID    |     *DEB ID: Distance Education Bureau ID
2. Fill in your CUOL ID and Password3. Click on 5th step4. Submit details mentioned for the DEB ID verification
1. Login to https://apply.onlinecu.in/
Share the DEB ID details
Step: 3
Your ABC ID will be generated...
Your DEB ID will be generated
    store or Apple store2. Login to your DigiLocker account using aadhaar    card  number3. Click on search documents4. Search for 'Academic Bank of Credits’5. Fill all the necessary details            2. Enter your ABC ID and click on submit3. Fill all the necessary details and click on submit
1.  Download the DigiLocker app from Google Play
1. Go to: https://deb.ugc.ac.in/StudentDEBId 
To Create ABC ID*          To Create DEB ID*
Step: 1                       Step: 2
How to create ABC ID and DEB ID
----------------Page (16) Break----------------
admissions@cuidol.in
related clarification/details, write an email to 
will be updated. In case of any fee deposit 
Status of Student Fee paid through Online Mode 
UPI/Wallet
Net BankingRTGS/NEFT
Credit/Debit Card (ATM)
the following options:
The payment gateway supports 
Account Number along with access to thepayment gateway.
the applicant will receive a University
Once the application form is activated,
Students must register at apply.onlinecu.in.
Payment
Modes of Fee 
ONLINE
----------------Page (17) Break----------------
Email: admissions@cuidol.in | helpdesk@cuidol.in
For Admission Enquiry: 1800-1213-88800
Apply Now: www.apply.onlinecu.in
----------------Page (18) Break----------------
