INDIA RANKINGS 2024
IN INDIA
Entitled
UNIVERSITIES
AMONGST TOP
RANKED #20         UGC 
 Corporate World
Stand Out in the
The Edge You Need to
MBA
X 
in collaboration with
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
first cycle itself, the University establishes itself as one of the premier destinations for higher education.
Education, Government  of India, and A+ accreditation by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council in the 
among  the top 20 universities in the National Institutional Ranking  Framework  2024 released by the Ministry of 
prestigious QS World University Rankings 2025 places it globally at a rank of 691-700. Additionally, with the positioning 
The QS Asia University Rankings 2025 ranks Chandigarh  University as the No. 1 private university in India, while the 
University has made remarkable achievements,  winning the most prestigious awards, rankings, and accreditations. 
excellence. In more than a decade-long  journey of driving transformation in the educational  landscape, the 
Chandigarh  University, a leading Indian institution, offers a unique amalgamation  of professional and  academic 
ABOUT  CHANDIG ARH UNIVER SITY
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
year 2021
Council CID for the
International Dance
Member of
ENGINEERING AND MBA PROGRAMS
NBA ACCREDITED
Pharmacy #20,  Architecture #13)
(Engg. #32, Mgmt. #36, 
Management #9, Computer Science & Information Systems #10, Engineering & Technology #11, Engineering - Mechanical, Aeronautical & Manufacturing #14, Business & Management Studies #18
Hospitality & Leisure Management #1, Social Sciences & 
20
by QS World University Rankings 2025
2025
691-700
MEMBER SHIPS
GLOBAL   RANK
INTERNATIONAL  
& MEMBER SHIPS
OUR EX CELLENCE
ACCREDIT ATIONS 
RECOGNITIONS, 
TOP  RANKINGS  TESTIFYING 
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
leveraging top-tier knowledge and elite credentials from CU Online and HBS Online.
innovation, and exceptional business acumen in students. Join us to elevate your career to new heights, 
 This transformative learning experience aims to cultivate true leadership, strategic entrepreneurial 
and giving you a significant career advantage.
equip you with real-world business skills and insights, opening doors to opportunities in leading corporations 
Online and an industry-relevant curriculum delivered by the esteemed faculty of CU Online. This program will 
designed to redefine your professional journey. This program combines the robust CORe Modules of HBS 
The MBA  X program at CU Online is a groundbreaking collaboration with Harvard Business School Online 
in collaboration with
About MBA X     
----------------Page (3) Break----------------
(University Grants Commission)
Regulation 22 of UGC, 2020  
conventional mode as per the 
degree offered through 
online mode is equivalent to the 
The degree obtained through 
EQUIV ALENCE
ONLINE DEGREE 
PUBLIC NOTICE
UNIVER SITY GRANTS COMMISSION
----------------Page (4) Break----------------
broader perspective on business challenges.
Dual specialisation allows students to tailor their education for specific career goals while gaining a 
Cutting-Edge Dual Specialisation
recognition of your efforts.
Credits from completed COR e modules will count toward the 120-credit MBA requirement, ensuring 
Flexible Credit Transfer System
skills.
Engage in real-life global business scenarios through immersive case studies, gaining practical insights and 
Experiential Learning through HBS Online’s Case Studies
Get a globally recognised HBS Online certification that opens doors to a wide range of career opportunities.
Coveted HBS Online Certification
Business Analytics, Economics for Managers, and Financial Accounting.
Immerse in an 11-week Harvard CORe (Credential of Readiness) program that will cover modules on 
Globally-Benchmarked Curriculum
Your Best Choice
Top 10 Reasons  Why MBA X is
----------------Page (5) Break----------------
and expand your knowledge.
Access educational materials and resources from Harvard Business School Online to enrich your learning 
Access to HBS Online Resources
Enhance the ability to navigate diverse cultural settings extending beyond borders.
Build Cross-Cultural Competency
opportunity to connect with peers worldwide. 
Build a global network across 30+ countries via various network events. HBS Online alumni get the 
Global Networking Prospects
financial burden associated with executive education. 
A cost-effective program designed for working professionals seeking to advance their careers without the 
Cost-Effective Degree Program
opportunities.
With HBS Online credentials, this program offers students global recognition, unlocking exciting career 
Career Advancement
Your Best Choice
Top 10 Reasons  Why MBA X is
----------------Page (6) Break----------------
ʪ                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ʩʣ
Financial Accounting
ʨ                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ʩʣ
Economics for Managers
ʧʣ
Business Analytics        5
Courses      Modules    Hours
5
organisations.
confidently contribute to strategic decision-making in 
HBS Online will teach you the fundamental skills to 
and Financial Accoun ting. This three-course program from 
world topics like Business Analytics, Economics for Managers, 
(Credential of Readiness) program, which covers crucial real-
The highlight of the MBA X is the 11 weeks of the Harvard CORe 
    
Get HBS Online CORe  Edge
----------------Page (7) Break----------------
certificate on program completion
Gain a prestigious HBS Online 
of the MBA program
be adjusted towards the total credits 
Benefit from credit points, which will 
Join a global community of learners
cold calls and interactive features
Develop business intuition through 
organisations
multimedia case studies of diverse 
Master concepts as you tackle 
in financial statemen ts
Discover what’s behind the numbers 
business situations
Apply economic principles to real 
informed business decisions
Analyse and interpret data to make 
    
CORe Highlights
----------------Page (8) Break----------------
*WES : World Education Services*WES : World Education Services
On-Demand Examination                              University E-Knowledge Resource Centre
Exclusive Scholarships Available
Well Experienced & Globally Renowned Faculty
Placement Assistance with 300+ Hiring Partners             Dedicated 24*7 Learner Support
Internationally Recognised by WES*                        Advanced CU Learning Management System (LMS)
UGC-Entitled Online Programs                           Interactive Sessions with Industry Experts
advance  your career and achieve your goals.
programs with cutting-edge resources, expert faculty, and a globally recognised curriculum that empower  you to 
accessible, and  high-quality learning experiences. Designed for ambitious  learners, CU Online offers a range  of 
CU Online brings Chandigarh  University’s world-renowned  education  to the digital space, providing  flexible, 
CU Online: A World of Opportunities
----------------Page (9) Break----------------
environment, so you can focus solely on performing your best.
Our AI-monitored online exams ensure a secure, fair, and convenient testing 
control over when to take your assessments. 
Create a customised exam schedule that aligns with your availability, giving you 
Flexible Examination Options
and optimise your study time effectively.
Identify strengths and areas for improvement, allowing you to focus your efforts 
Track your progress through learning materials with built-in self-assessment tools.
Self-Assessment Tools
 Enjoy the flexibility of learning whenever it fits your schedule.
your own pace.
Access a curated library of video content, helping you master concepts at 
Comprehensive Video Library
Enjoy seamless, real-time interactions between students and faculty.
the classroom experience through interactive discussions.
Engage in dynamic live workshops held on weekends, designed to enhance 
Interactive Live Sessions
Learning Management Sy stem (LMS)
Personalised Learning with Advanced
----------------Page (10) Break----------------
Brand Management
Business Analytics
Disaster Management
FinTech
General Management
Data Science & Artificial Intelligence
International Relations
Airlines & Airport Management
Digital Marketing
Media Management
Travel and Tourism Management
Hospital Management
Event Management
Operation Management
Banking and Insurance
(LSCM)
Retail Management
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
Information Technology (IT)
Finance
Entrepreneurship
International Business (IB)
Marketing
(HRM)
Human Resource Management                  Brand Management
Specialisation
Program Electives
----------------Page (11) Break----------------
discount of Rs 10,000 will be applicable
If student pay the lump sum fee without opting No Cost EMI, a one time fee
No Early Bird Discount or One time discount is offered for the MBA X program.
Note
₹ 2,40,000
Total Program Fees
Fees
₹ 1,20,000
Annual 
Fees
NA
Semester 
Fees
₹ 1000 
Prospectus 
Fee Structure 
CGPA of 6.0 or above in their undergraduate studies, regardless of the field of study.
Applicants must have a minimum of 2 years of work experience in an organisation or a 
Eligibility:
Selection Procedure
----------------Page (12) Break----------------
(For Financial Queries) 
Kindly Contact: +91-98759-65911  
100% online processHassle free documentationNo hidden/registration charges    No interest applicableOne step solution for financing online degree programsFlexibility to select the co-applicant for loan approval
15 minutes loan approval process   No processing fee
Features
ROI-Module
6 EMI       12 EMI / 24 EMI
Semester Fee      Annual Fee      Lump Sum Fee
to assist students for financing their higher education.
financial support to fulfil their career aspirations. A dedicated unit is available 
Chandigarh University provides education loan facility to students in need of 
    
Finance your Degree Program
----------------Page (13) Break----------------
Live doubt clearing sessions through LMS
matter experts 
Week ly live interactive sessions by subject 
Week ly case study discussions on LMS
E-books/OER material/CU digital library access
Hours as per course credit
Qualitative video repository of course content: 
Modules to be released on weekly basis
Week ly modules as per course credit
Mode: Quadrant delivery through LMS 
DE LIVERY PLAN
ACADEMIC 
----------------Page (14) Break----------------
submission.
Candidates must carefully read all instructions provided in the application form to ensure successful 
Applicants are encouraged to review these details before applying.
Detailed information about programs and their eligibility criteria is available on our website, onlinecu.in.
on the University’s official website, onlinecu.in.
The University reserves the right to alter any announced dates. Any changes will be promptly updat ed
any resulting loss or damage due to non-complianc e.
online within the specified time frame. The University is not responsible for any loss of opportunity or
Admission will be cancelled if the full fees are not paid or the required documents are not submitted
All admissions are provisional and subject to fulfilment of necessary requirements.
ADMISSION GUIDELINES
----------------Page (15) Break----------------
For any query, email at admissions@cuidol.in or call at 1800-1213-88800
details and pay the Program Fee.
then upload all necessary documents andrecent passport size photograph and click on Submit.
Fill up the Application Form with your 
Click on the Document Upload and
Step 3                                Step 4
proceed to purchase the online prospectus for a fee of ₹1000.
and click on Apply Now / Enquire Now                    interest, and Date of Birth. After submitting the form by clicking Register Now, 
Visit www .onlinecu.in                              details, including your Full Name, Email ID, Mobile Number , City, Program of 
On the homepage,  complete the inquiry form by providing the required 
Step 1                                Step 2
ADMISSION PROCES S
----------------Page (16) Break----------------
*ABC ID: Academic Bank of Credits ID    |     *DEB ID: Distance Education Bureau ID
2. Fill in your CUOL ID and Password3. Click on 5th step4. Submit details mentioned for the DEB ID verification
1. Login to https://apply.onlinecu.in/
Share the DEB ID details
Step: 3
Your ABC ID will be generated...
Your DEB ID will be generated
    store or Apple store2. Login to your DigiLocker account using aadhaar    card  number3. Click on search documents4. Search for 'Academic Bank of Credits’5. Fill all the necessary details            2. Enter your ABC ID and click on submit3. Fill all the necessary details and click on submit
1.  Download the DigiLocker app from Google Play
1. Go to: https://deb.ugc.ac.in/StudentDEBId 
To Create ABC ID*          To Create DEB ID*
Step: 1                       Step: 2
How to create ABC ID and DEB ID
----------------Page (17) Break----------------
admissions@cuidol.in
related clarification/details, write an email to 
will be updated. In case of any fee deposit 
Status of Student Fee paid through Online Mode 
UPI/Wallet
Net BankingRTGS/NEFT
Credit/Debit Card (ATM)
the following options:
The payment gateway supports 
Account Number along with access to thepayment gateway.
the applicant will receive a University
Once the application form is activated,
Students must register at apply.onlinecu.in.
Payment
Modes of Fee 
ONLINE
----------------Page (18) Break----------------
Email: admissions@cuidol.in | helpdesk@cuidol.in
For Admission enquiry: 1800-1213-88800
Apply Now:  https://apply.onlinecu.in
----------------Page (19) Break----------------
